Upgrade mozilla-oidc-db (#91)
open-zaak/open-notificaties: docs/api/index.rst

Open Notificaties adheres to the API-specifications as described by the `VNG API standard
for the "Notificaties API"`_.

> .. _`VNG API standard for the "Notificaties API"`: https://vng.nl/projecten/zaakgericht-werken

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _`VNG API standard for the "Notificaties API"`: https://vng-realisatie.github.io/gemma-zaken/
```

`Notificaties API`_     `1.0 <https://notificaties-api.vng.cloud/api/v1/schema/>`__
======================  ==========================================

> .. _`Notificaties API`: https://vng.nl/projecten/zaakgericht-werken

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _`Notificaties API`: https://vng-realisatie.github.io/gemma-zaken/standaard/notificaties/
```
